feat: add widget customisation docs (#782)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs: fern/conversational-ai/pages/customization/widget.mdx

---
title: Widget customization
subtitle: Learn how to customize the widget appearance to match your brand, and personalize the agent's behavior from html.
---

> **Widgets** enable instant integration of Conversational AI into any website. For advanced customization, use our type-safe [Conversational AI SDKs](/docs/conversational-ai/libraries) for complete control over styling and behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Widgets** enable instant integration of Conversational AI into any website. You can either customize your widget through the UI or through our type-safe [Conversational AI SDKs](/docs/conversational-ai/libraries) for complete control over styling and behavior. The SDK overrides take priority over UI customization.
```

If this is correct I think we should include this
